> Stuff I would like:

>	* Weight and/or Encumberance(wieldiness) support

	  done
	  
>	* Working zones (for indoor/outdoor checks, weather, etc.)
	  
>	* Specialized Darkness (your character can't do certain things in
	  the dark, but can stumble around, and various different horrible
	  things happen to them depending on what conditions are set in
	  the game. For example, a Grue effect might only occur after the
	  player has performed certain actions, and a stairwell portal
	  would cause them to fall to their deaths if the room was dark.)

	  * This is a case of the * verb.  Work for this is 3/4 done...
	  

> Crazy Stuff I plan to do:

>	  * Lots and lots of interactive objects and locations.

>	  * Lots of strange hints and disturbing stuff scattered around.

>	  * Lots of things that leave description elements/properties that
	    go away after a few timed event cycles (Rain, wetness on the
	    Player or their objects, etc. If you get the pistol wet, it
	    probably won't work as well.)
	  
>	  * A working pistol (a clip that can hold bullets, and be put
	    into a gun, whose action and clip release work, and which can
	    make bullets into a component object of the gun (chamber
	    them), and then fire them (leaving a bullet hole in indoor
	    areas if it misses or is fired randomly, destroying the bullet
	    and producing and ejecting a shell casing), and will eject
	    them onto the floor if the action is worked again). I might go
	    to the extent of making certain objects capable of receiving
	    bullet holes... Possibly even making certain things (windows)
	    breakable, but I think there will be a certain degree of "You
	    don't think it would be productive"... just firing it at
	    random is okay, which uses a simple bullethole element
	    updating thing (check to see if a bullethole element is
	    already there; Make a new one if not, modify the old one if
	    there is.)

>	* One (or possibly as many as three depending on the "plot")
	  antagonistic mobs. Two of the prospectives would be timed zone
	  and lighting specific Grue type critters... The third would
	  wander and attempt to follow the character or attack every timed
	  event cycle. It would, of course, be shootable, and have a few
	  different nasty effects, and more typing-intensive weakness that
	  would be somewhat more reliable than the gun, but with the added
	  risk of you spending time in a room with it. I think the big
	  issue will be figuring out how often it should get to attempt to
	  attack the player, to keep it from being too easy to avoid. (How
	  about if it's attack recharged on a separate event cycle from
	  it's movement, and had a very short (5 second) delay with a
	  warning? Hmm. It might be done best as an actual player-type
	  thing with delays in it's verbs.) I think I might make it fairly
	  easy to avoid, but require that you kill it to finish the
	  game. He'll be pretty dangerous, but I'm going to try to avoid
	  making it be a snuff puzzle. Example: There is a sarcophagus in
	  the library. You can make it open, but there's a mummy inside of
	  it... It is sort of slow, but will try to kill you, and can
	  infect you with a nasty mold/disease/rot. You can try to shoot
	  it (not reliable, especially with less than the three bullets
	  you have) or you can try to kill it with a kitchen knife or
	  something (very risky, especially given that you need to be
	  close to it for a while) or you can try to splash kerosene on it
	  and then light it (Both of those are fairly easy to do, and will
	  definitely kill it). If you burn it to death, it becomes a pile
	  of ashes and drops it's dtreasure; If you just shoot it/beat it
	  down, the corpse may infect you with the rot when you try to
	  take the treasure, giving you barely enough warning to wash your
	  hands before the nasty rotting disease gets you.

>	* A random bookalizer library, allowing you to find some
	  miscellaneous books, book boxes, The Magical Mr. Sahtann, and
	  some more other, more relevant stuff.

>   * Lots of annoyingly limited light sources, some of which you have
	  to destroy to solve the puzzle. I'm probably going to introduce
	  a liquid (kerosene), but you can only splash/spill it, or pour
	  it into a suitable container. There will be matches (burns for
	  about one event cycle, and will also go out if you drop them,
	  loads of fun as a light source when GRUE-esque monsters are
	  involved), candles, and a lantern. I think you know where the
	  kerosene/lantern/flammable mummy thing is going...

>	* Varied puzzles based on your character... I think I'm going to
	  tip my hat to resident evil a bit, and let you choose between
	  two characters. Basically, you can enter your name (maybe) and
	  get a male or female character. Much like Divunal, the
	  distinction isn't obvious at first, but you will discover that
	  you have a different aptitude for a few things. (Your success
	  rate at certain things and useage of certain items will depend
	  on it, as well as certain memories, and possibly/hopefully the
	  main thrust of the plot.) But this isn't really an important
	  feature, so I'm not going to worry about it for a while.

>	* Some sort of ritual type puzzle... The general idea would be
	  something like Rikyu's tea house entrance, or the book, bell and
	  candle bit from Zork (but spelled out a little better) and
	  probably involving a speech event listener and an incantation
	  written on something unwieldy. I'll see how much of a pain in
	  the ass it is first, and how interesting it would actually be.

>	* Some funky perspective stuff... Possibly that thing about
	  looking different to different characters... Most of the other
	  things I wanted to do could be done just as well with dynamic
	  descriptions (Things glowing or being legible depending on
	  whether you've cast a spell or are using an artifact).
